Design of Eyegaze-sensitive Virtual Reality Based Social Communication Platform for Individuals with Autism x
http://ieeexplore.ieee.org.ezproxy.falmouth.ac.uk/stamp/stamp.jsp?tp=&arnumber=7877229

notes:
Uses virtual reality to create realistic imagery to represent social settings. Create real world scenarios specific to one's needs and keep it realistic. 
Specifically this software could be used to recreate someones facial expressions to teach children who have difficulty reading people's faces to better understand others based on their facial expressions.
Paired with eye tracking techniques they are able to aquire data on someones reactions (pupil diamter, blink rate, fixation duration towards certain "people" (simulated person).

Tourists' Experience of Virtual Reality Applications x
Study on the lake districts use of virtual reality. Uses VR to let people fly over the lake district's as if they were a bird flying over the lake district.
Study found that "tourists welcome the opportunity to experience destinations virtually in order to get a better understanding of destintaion's offerings." 
"Sound was hereby an important part of the overall experience and a crucial element of being fully immersed."
"Destination managers are advised to implement VR strategies into the marketing plan for the future."

Delay Oriented VR Mode WLAN for Efficient Wireless Multi-User Virtual Reality Device x
Study on how plausible VR systems which connect to home routers are. 
Simulations show that it is plausable to make a multiuser solution to VR over wireless. However only simulations were done and no real world example of this is currently avaliable.

Real-time and precise insect flight control system based on virtual reality x
Uses VR to simulate flight of insects. Being used to find the correct simulation algorithms to implemnt on real cyborg insects currently in development.
Does experiments on bees for data about flight. Simulates it in virtual reality to show that it works. Can then be implemented into cyborg bees.

Shifty: A Weight-Shifting Dynamic Passive Haptic Proxy to Enhance Object Perception in Virtual Reality
A design for a rod-shaped VR proxy object/VR controller which has a moving weight. The moving weight allows it to change it's center of mass to represent different objects in a VR simulation. 
By moving the weight up the holder is forced to apply more force to keep it in the same positoin, making it seem as though the object is heavier.
Conclusion shows that their method of simulating weight is currently the most effective one avaliable.

Office Diva x 
"audio visual art installation" of a computer controlled character living in a small space whilst compulsivley talking. 
Used to tell the story of a receptionist working at a therapy centre as she slowly goes mad. 